W 13171031 add debug config gr (#306)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.4/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/logging-severity-level.adoc

[[severity-levels]]
== Message Logging Severity Levels

> When you configure a Message Logging policy for your API instance you can assign a severity level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you configure a Message Logging policy for your API instance, you can assign a severity level. 
```

> === Severity Levels Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Severity Levels
```

Each severity level includes a specific set of information in the log report. The following table

> describes the type of information that will be included in the logs for each severity level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
describes the type of information to include in the logs for each severity level.
```

[%header,cols='1a,5a'] 
|===
|Log Severity Level
|Description

|ERROR

> |Error events that prevent normal program execution but might allow the application to continue running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Events that prevent normal program execution but might allow the application to continue running.
```

|WARN
|Potentially harmful situations that indicate potential problems.

|INFO
|Informational messages that highlight the progress of the application.

|DEBUG
|Tracing information used by application developers.

|===

=== Severity Levels Hierarchy

> Log reports include only the severity level you select and the subsequent levels on the hierarchy .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log reports include only the selected severity level and the subsequent levels on the hierarchy.
```

Reviewer: Is subsequent and hierarchy the right words here? Do you mean each level includes all the levels that follow?

For example, if you select INFO, the log reports include the WARN and ERROR severity levels.

> However, if you select ERROR, the log reports include only error messages. The following table describes the hierarchy of the different severity levels:

Reviewer: Oh, I totally misinterpreted. Is there a similar log-level description elsewhere that you can poach? For CH2, each log level is selected individually, eliminating this difficult-to-document scenario.

I wonder if putting them from least to most severe. Then each level will include the subsequent levels.

Reviewer: Oh, you have another table to describe this. I think if you order the first table:
DEBUG
INFO
WARN
ERROR

Then, each level includes the levels that follow. And you can delete the hierarchy table.
